Simplify `.gitattributes` in Submitting to the Asset Library (#5908)
godotengine/godot-docs: community/asset_library/submitting_to_assetlib.rst

  .. code-block:: none

    # Normalize line endings for all files that Git considers text files.
    * text=auto eol=lf

>     # For addons, only include the addons folder. This is not needed for asset packs or projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # For addons, only include the addons folder when exporting a ZIP.
    # These lines should be deleted for asset packs or projects.
```

Author: I don't think the average asset maker knows that the asset library uses GitHub ZIPs internally.

Reviewer: Attempt 2:

```suggestion
    # For addons, only include the addons folder when downloading from the Asset Library.
    # These lines should be deleted for asset packs or projects.
```
